Conditionally skip test job in ci.yml (#51289)
rails/rails: railties/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Conditionally skip test job in ci.yml
> 
>     Skips the `test` job when a new application is generated with the
>     `--skip-test` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Skip generating a `test` job in ci.yml when a new application is generated with the
    `--skip-test` option.
```

This may be personal preference, but I didn't feel like the summary added much value vs. just putting the whole thing in one line.
